{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Dye\'97Radio\
Ares Pedroli \
\
- Personal feedback \
I think my project has several interesting points that can still be developed. Right now I am happy with the direction it is taking. \
I realise that the mix between colours and sound imposes many challenges and many more tests to be done to understand how my object can "express itself" and also how it can interact with the user. \
I wonder if there is a need to do tests to understand how best to develop the type of interaction and especially the sound feedback that the object has to provide. \
Furthermore, I need to define well the starting point that then leads to the evolution of the sound, this point is very delicate. \
\
- Target\
I also still need to understand how the object wants to behave in relation to the person using it, i.e. how the sound will behave towards the person. \
\
- Form\
Regarding the shape of the object, I have many doubts. \
- Is the shape suitable for the object?\
- Is the object suitable for an exhibition? (No) \
- Does the object have to fit the exhibition? (I don't think so)\
- Will the object have to be divided into two parts at a specific time? One object created for the exhibition and another for the industry? Because for now the object has an industrial design aspect that makes it work well I find. \
- Which material is most suitable? \
In short... many questions regarding the form.}